2022-23 New Controls Starter Project (#16)
lhr-solar/StarterProjects: Controls/README.md

# Controls System Starter Project
## Summary

> The main goal of this project is to exercise the skills you may have learned through LHR Solar lessons. This includes basic C programming, Git, and Github usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main goal of this project is to exercise the skills you may have learned through LHR Solearns. This includes basic C programming, Git, and Github usage.
```

Create a branch for yourself after cloning the repository.
```
git checkout -b <your name>
```
All of your work will be on this branch.

## The Mission
In this starter project, you will be writing a mailbox and a cafe in the simulation version of the same Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) that runs on the car: the Micrium uCOS-III.

### Mailbox
The mailbox consists of the mailbox flag and the mailbox contents, both declared in ```Mail.h``` and defined in ```Tests/Test_Mail.h```. Relevant Mailbox files can be found in the ```Mail/``` directory.
1. Write the Mailman task in ```Mailman.c``` to put a unique message in the mailbox. The mailbox is simply a string (character array). Use the mailbox flag semaphore to prevent simultaneous access of the mailbox.
2. Write the Recipient task in ```Recipient.c``` to print out the unique message in the mailbox. Use the mailbox flag semaphore to prevent simultaneous access of the mailbox.
3. Write the test file ```Tests/Test_Mail.c```. This test file should create any semaphores, tasks, or variables necessary to run both the Mailman and Recipient tasks.
4. To run the code, first compile with:
	```
	make all TEST=Mail
	```

> 	If this does not work or if you run into any issues, try ```make clean``` (this will remove any object files you just compiled) and recompile.

Reviewer 2: 5. After compiling, if you want to run your code, run with:
```
./starter.out
```

### Cafe

> The cafe consists of the menu, item costs, and revenue, as well as the register occupied mutex. These are all declared in ```Tasks.h```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cafe consists of the menu, item costs, and revenue, as well as the register occupied mutex. These are all declared in ```Cafe.h```
```
Might be good to teach them naming that is actually good. I would *never* put a bunch of random shit in some file that is descriptively called "Tasks.h"

Author: Makes sense. I'll organize the structure a bit.

1. Write the Customer1 and Customer2 tasks in ```Customer1.c``` and ```Customer2.c``` to purchase the appropriate items on the menu, as well as increment the revenue appropriately.
2. Make sure you use the register occupied mutex to prevent simultaneous usage of the register.
3. Write the test file ```Tests/Test_Cafe.c```. This test file should create any semaphores, tasks, or variables necessary to run both Customer tasks.
4. To run the code, first compile with:
	```
	make all TEST=Cafe
	```

> 	If this does not work or if you run into any issues, try ```make clean``` (this will remove any object files you just compiled) and recompile.

Reviewer 2: 5. After compiling, if you want to run your code, run with:
```
./starter.out
```
